{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "Maybe I should not depend on you so much, Euzo." the raven haired lady pondered aloud. \
\
"No, it's fine. It's not safe for you to be alone for too long. You don't speak the language well and you're still pretty new here."\
\
"But I am burdening you."\
\
"I'm telling you, it's fine. I don't mind. Come on, here's a job posting for tonight." \
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
The little raven haired woman tried her best to keep some of the guards active enough to keep fighting, but there's only so much potions can do before the fighter is made of it. The little pyrate crew was doing amazingly well against the cargo guards. There were only four people out fighting, but they were toppling the guards like they were dominoes. \
\
Euzo stepped back and took a moment to look at his surroundings--bodies lying on the ground, blood spattered left and right. "Before we keep fighting, I have a proposition for you." \
\
"Oh? Really now? What's that, big fella?" The dark bald man in front of him laughed loudly. \
\
"I see that you have a tiny crew. My doctor friend and I are willing to join and fight with you instead of against you." \
\
"We do?" his friend stopped with her potioning. \
\
"What're your demands?" \
\
"Food, room and board, and a cut of all your profits." \
\
"How big of a cut are we talking?" \
\
"Ten percent each." \
\
"That's ridiculous. Grab some chairs, this might take a a while. Hey Al, we're gonna talk business, you keep on ransacking." The dark man called over to his somewhat but not altogether lighter friend as he walked over to a table out on the deck. Euzo grabbed some crates from behind the mast. \
\
"Will do. And that's Captain Al to you." \
\
"Alright, let's talk. The name's Gavon by the way and I'm the quartermaster of Rynspyr." \
\
"Euzo." Hands were shaken. \
\
"Alright, what are you bringing to the table? Let's start with that." \
\
"I'm an ex soldier and my friend can serve well enough as a doctor." \
\
"Muscle and health. Always good things to have on board," Gavon glanced over at the red armband on Euzo. "What's your rank in Wyrm's Blade?"  \
\
"86."\
\
Gavon paused for a moment to think. "We'll offer you food, room, and 2% cut." \
\
"How much profit do you normally make?" \
\
"We sack a ship about once a fortnight. On average, that sums up to about fifty to sixty thousand a month."\
\
"And 2% would be 1000 \'a7 per month. That's not even living wage. 7%."\
\
"Seven? What are you, nuts? 3500 a month is ridiculous especially for such a low rank. 5% is my final offer, and keep in mind that room and food are included." \
\
"Fine. 5%."\
\
"Welcome aboard to Rynspyr Euzo. What's your friend's name again?"\
\
"Fleur."}